Support tree (#89)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/how-to/single-sign-on/generic-setup.rst

.. _SSO generic setup:

How to set up SSO integration with your IdP
===========================================

Preprequisites
--------------

- An account with your SAML IdP, admin access to that account

> - Wire team, admin access to that team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Wire team and admin access to that team
```

- If your team is hosted at wire.com:
    - Ask customer support to enable the SSO feature flag for you.
- If you are running your own on-prem instance:
    - for handling the feature flag, you can run your own `backoffice <https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/tree/develop/charts/backoffice>`_ service.

>     - More simply, you can configure the galley service so that sso is always enabled (just put "enabled-by-default" `here <https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/259cd2664a4e4d890be797217cc715499d72acfc/charts/galley/values.yaml#L29>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - More simply, you can configure the galley service so that sso is always enabled (just put "enabled-by-default" `here <https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/develop/values/wire-server/prod-values.example.yaml#L136>`_).
```

Reviewer 2: actually, it should be the other way 'round: references to growing branches are at risk to oudate, especially if they carry a line number.  i'll fix that, thanks.

Reviewer: I think a LOC is okay, but the link should have contained a commit id - my mistake. Anyway, I just wanted to suggest referring to the example values file instead of galley's values. `wire-server` is usually the chart that is being applied (since it wraps galley).

Reviewer 2: Oops, sorry, missed that sublety.  I will double-check and possibly fix in separate PR.  Thanks!
